add all missing issues (#16772)
rstudio/rstudio: version/news/NEWS-2026.01.0-apple-blossom.md

- ([#16521](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio/issues/16521)): Fixed an issue where rsession logs would be emitted to the console when `log-message-format=json` is set
- ([#16483](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio/issues/16483)): Changed R Markdown / Quarto documents to only use paged-table view for auto-printed data objects
- ([#16484](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio/issues/16484)): Fixed an issue where the ".." entry in the Files pane would not navigate to the parent folder
- ([#16320](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio/issues/16320)): Fixed an issue where the wrong error message was displayed when SSH key passwords do not match

#### Posit Workbench

- (rstudio-pro#8918): Fixed an issue where home page failed to load when a user's recent project list contains duplicate entries
- (rstudio-pro#8846): Improved contrast of check boxes on Workbench home page to meet 3:1 minimum contrast (AA)
- (rstudio-pro#8845): Fixed keyboard navigation to inactive sessions on the home page (AA)
- (rstudio-pro#9386): Fixed an issue when downloading server-side fonts in load-balanced Workbench configurations

> - (rstudio-pro#9126): Fixed an issue where failure to locate `vscode-user-settings.json` and `positron-user-settings.json` when using `XDG_CONFIG_DIRS`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (rstudio-pro#9126): Fixed an issue locating `vscode-user-settings.json` and `positron-user-settings.json` when using `XDG_CONFIG_DIRS`
```
